This Fifth Lord Long?
When I didn't make a name for myself in the early years
Run the show on the set
Fang Chen saved his life
So today, it's a favor to repay him
Oops hahaha
I thought it was some kind of boss
Haha, but this favor
Once it's paid off, it's nothing
Come on.
Please ask Fang Chen to help you with this.
If this is done
About your mother
So I said yes. Okay.
You said that as long as you can do it, you will definitely ask Fang Chen to help.
OK, I'll try.
Yanyan, let's go first.
The group still has something to do and will see you another day.
Let's go
Where are you going? I have something to tell you.
Do you want to do it or not? It's too late, wife.
If you really want to